Hey Guys, welcome back to the channel. Today,
we will be reviewing a movie called “Thursday”.
It’s a movie that takes place in one single
day in the life of our main character “Casey”.
Casey is a married man with a beautiful wife
in Christine. They met five years back and
Casey back then was a very confident man who
had strongly attracted Christine. They got
into a relationship pretty fast and were really
happy. But, now, the relationship between
them wasn’t strong. They don’t have that
same love towards them. Or could we say that
the spark between them was lost.
One night, Casey gets a call from his friend
who he hadn’t been in contact with for the
past 5 years. His friend’s name is Nick
and he had called Casey to let him know that
he was coming to his house to stay for a few
days.
Casey doesn’t feel comfortable having him
in his house, but he cannot say anything as
Nick says that he is getting married.
So the next day, Casey tells Christine about
Nick coming to their house. Christine obviously
gets confused as she had never heard Casey
talk about his friend before. She questions
why he never talked about Nick before, if
he really was a good friend of his.
Casey answers that before he met Christine,
he was mixed with some bad people and was
doing bad things himself. So, he never told
Christine about Nick as he was his friend
from that time of his life.
Hearing this, Christine doesn’t say anything
as she is getting late for work. She tells
Casey that she will be late as she has a dinner
planned with her boss that night. Before leaving,
Christine reminds Casey that Doctor Jarvis
will be arriving today to interview him, to
see if he is fit to adopt a baby. They were
planning on adopting a baby, so it was very
important for Casey to pass this interview.
Now, Casey is all by himself in the house.
And a few hours later, his friend Nick, arrives
at his house.
Meeting after such a long time, they both
embrace each other and look really happy.
Nick asks Casey what he has been doing. Casey
replies that he is an architect now. Hearing
his answer, Nick gets surprised. He tells
Casey that he looks boring compared to how
he used to be. Casey answers that times have
changed since he left his past job.
He asks Nick about his wife. Nick tells him
that she is just a girl, nothing special.
Casey gets a bit confused to hear that. He
thinks, why is Nick getting married to a girl,
who he thinks of as just “some girl”.
After a while, Nick tells Casey that he has
to go somewhere for a work related business,
and wants to borrow his car. Nick tells him
that his car had a flat tire, so he needs
Casey’s car to drive.
So, Casey hands Nick his car key and Nick
heads out. Casey goes back to work but he
can’t focus. He feels sleepy. So, he gets
out of his room and sees a briefcase in the
guest room. That briefcase belongs to Nick.
Casey is curious to know what is inside that
briefcase. He contemplates opening and seeing
it for himself to find out. But he reminds
himself, that is not a good thing to do. So,
he decides not to open the briefcase. However,
he quickly grabs a tool and opens the briefcase.
He calls Nick immediately and shouts at him.
The briefcase contains drugs inside it. Casey
is angry at Nick for bringing drugs into his
house and possibly putting him in danger as
well. Casey wants Nick to pick up his stuff
and leave his house immediately. But Nick
replies that he cannot do so as he has important
things to deal with. So, Casey warns Nick
that if he doesn’t take his briefcase with
him, he will call the cops and hand it over
to them. But Nick isn’t afraid at all. Instead
he tells Casey that if he calls the cops,
he will tell them about his past as well.
After that, Nick hangs up the phone.
Casey is absolutely mad. He takes the drugs
to his kitchen. He cuts them one by one and
drains it down the pipe. Then, he hears a
doorbell and sees a pizza delivery guy. Casy
answers the door and tells him that he didn’t
order a pizza. The pizza guy then asks if
he can use the phone. Casey says “Okay”,
but when the pizza guy enters the house, he
punches Casey and pulls out a gun on him.
He asks Casey where the briefcase is. Casy
answers that he has already gotten rid of
all the drugs. Then, he calls his boss and
tells him about the drugs. After hanging up
the phone, he tells Casey that regardless
of whether he got the briefcase or not, he
was ordered to kill him.
Casey, then as a last wish, asks him if he
can smoke. So, the man lets Casey smoke, and
also tells him about himself. He tells Casey
that he aspires to be a singer and he was
just involved in the killing business to earn
some money before he could record an album.
Time passes by, and he and Casey have smoked
a lot of weed. He gets up and tells Casey
that it’s time for him to die. And just
when he was about to pull the trigger, he
gets a phone call from his friend. His friend
tells him that he has to sing a song right
now, if he wants to get a record deal. He
doesn’t want to do it right now, but seeing
it as a golden opportunity, he agrees. He
tells Casey to put on a cassette and then
he starts singing away. Casey is just confused
to see what is happening. The hitman then
slowly starts to get in his zone, he gets
completely lost in his singing. And then,
Casey sees his chance and then attacks the
hitman, and knocks him out cold.
He ties the hit man with duct tape and keeps
him in his garage. Casey tells him that normally,
he would just kill him. But, he is a changed
man now. So, he will not kill him, he’s
just confused about what to do with him. Then,
the doorbell rings again. Casey goes to check
and finds that it is doctor Jarvis. He is
here for the interview. Seeing him, Casey
hurries and cleans the dining table which
has weed and then sprays the room to clear
out the air.
He opens the door and the interview begins
to check if Casey is fit to adopt a baby.
Casey is obviously nervous to have him at
his house. Doctor Jarvis questions him about
a few things. Casey nervously answers his
questions but then he hears loud banging from
the garage. Fearing, Doctor Jarvis might find
out about the hitman, he says that he will
be right back and heads to the garage. Then,
Casey sees the hitman hitting on the garage
door. Casey has no option but to hang him
upside down.
After returning back to the interview, he
has another guest in his house. And this time,
it’s a pretty lady named Dallas. She tells
Casey that she is a friend of Nick. Casey
tells her that Nick isn’t home and asks
her to leave. But Dallas barges in anyway.
Thinking that Dallas is a friend of Casey,
doctor Jarvis welcomes her and wants to ask
her a few questions about Casey. Casey goes
to call Nick and tells him about his friend.
Meanwhile, Doctor Jarvis asks Dallas about
the past life of Casey. Then Dallas reveals
that Casey used to be a drug dealer with Nick.
He was a ruthless drug dealer who wasn’t
afraid of anyone. He would kill anyone he
liked, without a blink of an eye.
After hearing the true story of Casey’s
past, Doctor Jarvis wants to leave from there.
He obviously isn’t going to evaluate Casey
as fit for adopting a baby. Casey tries to
stop him as he is the last hope for him and
his wife to finally have a baby. But, Doctor
Jarvis doesn’t listen to him and leaves.
After he leaves, it’s Dallas’ turn to
pull the gun on Casey. She ties him up to
a chair and asks him about the 2 million that
Nick brought with him.
Casey had only seen the drugs. He doesn’t
know anything about the money. So, he answers
that he knows nothing about any money. Dallas
gets on top of Casey and tells him that he
has gone soft after he quit. Casey tells her
that anyone would have quit, if they had done
the same thing as him. It is then revealed
that the real reason behind Casey leaving
the life of a drug dealer was, because he
had killed a woman who was pregnant. The guilt
of it was so unbearable for him that he decided
to quit and then pursued architecture.
Dallas mocks him for his story and tells him
that she will wait for Nick to come. Until
then, she plans to have sex with Casey. But
he refuses and tells her that he is a married
man. Hearing this, Dallas gets even more excited.
She opens her clothes and then forces herself
on Casey. At this point, Dallas is clearly
sexually assaulting Casey. But it doesn’t
last long, as she gets shot from behind. And
the man that shot her identifies himself as
Billy. Much like Dallas, he too is a friend
of Nick and is here for the money. He tells
Casey that Nick had stolen 2 million from
a cop and had it hidden somewhere. Billy thinks
that Casey knows where the money is hidden.
So, he plans to torture Casey in telling him
about the location of the money. But just
then, they hear a police siren. Billy puts
his torture tools down and then goes to check.
At the same moment, Casey manages to get himself
free. He cuts the duct tape that was tying
him and then grabs a pan from the kitchen.
He sits exactly like before to avert any suspicion.
Billy comes back and tells Casey that the
police had come to the neighbours. He picks
the torture tools and then notices the duct
tape on the table, he knows Casey has freed
himself. Their eyes meet, and before Billy
could do anything, Casey smacks him with the
frying pan. Casey hits him a few more times
and then pulls the gun on him. Casey almost
kills him but remembers that he is not the
same person anymore. So, he takes him to the
garage and ties him upside down just like
the hit man from before.
Now, with how his day has gone so far, Casey
is mad. He gets a call from Nick who says
that he will be leaving the city. Casey tells
him to come and clean the mess that he has
created. But, Nick answers that he is in no
situation to come to his house. Nick tells
him that he is going to leave the city. The
people he stole the drugs from, were after
him. So, he has to leave the city to save
his life. Then, Nick also tells him that the
cop, he stole the money from, will come after
Casey. Then we see that Nick has been shot.
Hearing his voice, Casey realizes it as well.
Nick apologizes to Casey and tells him to
go to France to save his life. Then, the two
friends say their goodbye and hang up.
Casey, now cleans the blood from his house
and changes into new clothes. The cop that
Nick told him about also arrives at Casey’s
house. The cop, like all the others that Casey
had met that day, asks him about the money.
Casey tells him the same answer. He doesn’t
know where Nick has hid the money. The cop
tells Casey that he believes him, but he also
knows about everything that has gone on in
his house that day. He tells Casey that if
he manages to bring the money by 7 pm, he
will let everything go. Basically, he was
blackmailing Casey about the dead body and
two other captives in his garage. The cop
asks where the dead body is. Casey takes him
to the garage and after seeing two people
hanging upside down, the cop kills them both.
He tells Casey that he has until 7 pm to bring
him his money.
Casey then gets rid of the dead body by cutting
it and throwing it in the garbage bag. While
returning back to his house, he sees that
Nick’s car is still there. He looks at the
tire and thinks about the flat tire that Nick
had told him about. Nick cuts the tire open,
and there he finds the 2 million that everyone
was after today. He smiles after looking at
the money. And then, he also finds a gift
box left by Nick. he opens it to find two
watches. These were gifts from Nick to Casey
and his wife for their wedding day. Nick and
Casey were really good friends. Nick knew
that Casey would find the money.
After this, Casey takes the phone from the
hit man, or the pizza guy. He calls the drug
dealer from whom Nick had stolen the drugs
from. Casey tells them that if they want their
drugs, they have to meet him at his house
at exactly 7 pm.
It’s finally 7 pm. The cops get to Casey’s
house but don’t find him there. At the same
time, the drug dealers arrive as well. With
guns in their hands, they enter Casey’s
house, only to find the cops. You can guess
what happened afterwards.
Now, we see that Casey goes to meet his wife.
Christine is surprised to see Casey there.
She asks him why he was there. Casey answers
that he is leaving for France and he wants
her to come with him. Christine understands
that Casey has got himself in trouble. Christine
doesn’t know what to do. She has a career
here, but she also loves Casey. Thinking that
Christine will not come with him, Casey plans
to leave by himself. But, Christine stops
Casey and tells him that she doesn’t want
to leave him. She agrees to come with Casey.
Casey then shows her the 2 million dollars.
Christine asks him how he got this money.
Casey tells her that once they reach France,
he will tell her about everything.
And after that, they both leave in their car.
And the movie ends.
Hope you guys liked this video. And make sure
to subscribe to the channel to never miss
out on any of our videos.
Thanks for watching.